Update resources.md (#4944)
magento/devdocs: community/resources/resources.md

  - /community/resources/index.html
---

> ## Magento blog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Magento DevBlog
```

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

> The [Magento blog][0] is a great resource for news about Magento, new community resources (articles, tutorials, etc.), events and other Magento-related items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Magento DevBlog][0] is a great resource for news about Magento, new third-party community resources (articles, tutorials, etc.), events, and other Magento-related items.
```

Reviewer: Shouldn't we be linking to the DevBlog instead of the Marketing blog? Perhaps we should link to both, but I know that Sherrie posts links to third-party resources on the DevBlog.

[appdesign]: https://magentocommeng.slack.com/messages/CBSL1DF8B
[coding-standards]: https://magentocommeng.slack.com/messages/CFC88F1C6
[announcements]: https://magentocommeng.slack.com/messages/C7FA71S3V

> [0]: https://magento.com/blog

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be the DevBlog? If not, we definitely need a link to it in addition to the Marketing blog.
